Nick is our membership chairperson, and uh, he will be happy to take her like that. okay? So, um, it's been a while since we've had a meeting. We're getting back to regular... one is marell Any to say about our treasury funds or.  If somebody's willing to get notes today, that would be too of it, too. I can think of this. Let me...  I'm always holsters. Um... We have, um... an account, um, with, um... well, Sovaro, and, um, within that account, we have been paying primarily, um, our storage facility, uh, where we have our, um... uh, archives.  When we when we got rid of our friend, we used to have some of the material we kept that was for our chapter. We had a story and we put the stuff there. The rest of the material we had sent to headquarters.  So, and distributed out to anybody, all of our membership, all of the other chapters came out, took anything that they wanted from the library. Everything that was left over was sent to Lincoln. Yeah.  And so it would be, in the storage, no storage units have been going up and priced each year. It's up to $75. It's the smallest unit.  I think at that storage. We also have a storage unit there. So what do we have?  There is, basically, what's left, material that related just to our chapter. Okay. You know, old records and stuff.  I'm not sure how complete those are. As a historical organization, HSGR has not been really good at keeping history. It's hard to do.  Yes, it is. good. But anyhow, we do have, it's a small unit. We probably have, you know, a trifles.  Remember the... Oh yeah. Oh, yeah.  Mongers, yes. Yes, most of those. Well, I don't know.  We got if you stand them on end, they stick out about that phone. 10 of them or something. Well, there were a whole bunch of them. Barb and I started pulling the pictures off and putting those in 3 reading notebooks.  Because that'd be easier to store than a big trifle. But probably they would be better if they were scamped and kept on lying. Yeah.  But, well, we thought if we put it in folders and somebody could take those three re notebooks, maybe you'd scan the pictures because that notebook would be for the specific event, that tribal... Well, one of the things I was talking to, uh, because I, uh, took a couple classes over a fun range. I have a Westminster campus, Fort Collins campus, and a Boulder County campus, and a lot of times, students are looking for, you know, you know, it looks good.  Well, one, if they're in the history of things, they want to contribute, but also like it looks good. you know, volunteering or being an intern. So, like, you were talking about scanning or digitizing and things like that, you know, I think that would be a good way to, and then it would spark their interest, too. Like, oh, I'm involved in this.  I go see, you know, it's like, it can work both ways. We can get... As volunteers?  Yeah, they were. Yeah. good. Well, anyway, um, so, um, We have been, um, making crop burgers as a corporation, and, um, we haven't done that for a while, and, um, it was getting quite expensive to, um, rent the facility that, um, we have, um, uh, at a church, a kitchen that we, were able to, um, work there, and but, but it was getting to be like a $1000 or more to rent that, so that the time that we, that day.  And so, um, on time... Our priest at our church, heritage is German. His brother, is Jehovah, Russia, so.  And so... I approached him and asked him, because we have, in our church, we have what we call one, young and heart, which is older members.. senior group. And they have a luncheon once a month or dinner, and I said, you know, if we were to supply croppers for the herd, could we use the kitchen?  Oh. And so that's how... That's all that cost us.  Wow. That's how we got back. So no dollars.  No dollars. But, and I think the two times we've made the drop murders there at the church, I think, were the two largest money makers we'd had. The most profit of making droppers.  But that's because we didn't have to pay for facility. But we tried to do that a couple years ago, a year and a half ago. We couldn't get enough people to volunteer to help, and we said, geez, I had about eight of my family members, helped us the last time.  And that's all I had. That's all we had to volunteers, and I said, I can't do that. Yeah.  So we did, we haven't done it. That's something. And that was basically how we made money because the $15 membership is not enough to support the whole world.  Well, yeah, I mean, okay, $75 a month for the storage unit. Once a year for your church. And then once, yeah, we have you for insurance, and it's 200 and so, I think.  And so we're not really paying a lot, but if you're not bringing in enough, it's decreasing. So right now, in the checking account, we're at, as a 55, we're at $1,631.21. in the checking account. Now, part of that.  And the savings account, um... we... we're just getting minimum on interest, and it's hardly worthwhile. And, um, I, it's probably on me, but I didn't investigate getting some more, but, um, even at that, the interest rate is so minimal. Saves accounts at base.  You'll get much. And so, um, but the amount in the savings account is, um, $3,900, uh, $16.63. Okay.  Financially, we're not too bad shape. We're not, you know, but it's going, you know, it's going down. Nothing coming in and a little bit going out.  Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so, um, Any rate, that's kind of over at.  Here's a copy.. Three, five, three, three. I think I would like to just look at what's been going on over there.  We do need a second signer on that account. So we're looking for volunteers? It's on me, and I want to talk about this.  Um, I did something wrong and not, um, um, finally correctly. And we're kind of in a dish with the state of head. And I need to get that square away, and I'm hoping that we can get that done, because as it is now, when we try to add, it's another signer to our account, they would not let us.  We've got stuff. That was Wells Fargo School, though, that's not a stable. You need, look at changing banks and see if we can get that... sign up right away.  And, uh, if we do that, when they will accept one signature, then it'll be fine, because it's not the way it should be. Well, most far, though, they don't just invent rules, so they could be a federal... I don't know.  That's what I... Well, and I don't quite understand that, unless the way we've got the account set up as a business accountant. And I don't quite understand why we have to even do anything with the state.  Yeah. We have to be registered as an organization with the stage. Yeah, but it is a nonprofit, that's, or not a nonprofit.  That the problem. Well, yeah, we're good. And like, PTA doesn't do anything with the state.  And that's the way we are. ETA or PTO? And originally when I took over, they told me that I did not need to file federal, that I did need to file, take care of state.  And somehow or another, I let that go, and I need to... Talking to the people... I can definitely help you.  I've, uh... I've worked in, and still work in, like, nonprofit, and, and we've been on, having to, I haven't been on the administ side of things of having to, uh, file paperwork and get things updated or something. Sometimes they're so backlogged that they haven't like put a red, you know, that there's nothing.  It's just, we're getting some paperwork and we can get, you know, Barb made an appointment and went down and talked to somebody. He's still good dumb. didn't do. Oh, I can help you for sure.  And then, I think maybe if me and you get the banks, 1st of all, the document's ready, and then, if you want, we could be the two signers to open up, you know, make that transition, and then once it's open, then we would just, maybe at the next meeting, or the meeting after, depending on time frame, then we could, anybody would want to be a second signer. then we... Well, I... Would be a... granddaughter was a bank president for first bank.  And they do not have, or did not have that two signer requirement. We could have transferred there. Now, first, thanks, then bought out by PMG and all that goes away.  But I'm sure that we can get that straightened out. So we know that we've got over $5,000 then. Yeah, in total funds.  Nick, do you want to give us a membership? Well, yeah, I, I get rid of, uh, 2 copies. I went back to 23, January 2023 and printed out a listing of who was members at that time.  There's a one column that says paid through, and that's the date that people are, you know, your views are due at that date. Just to get a listening, I'll send this this. A listing of who would members back in that minus those who have passed away.  I've not heard of any members recently because when I built this day, when we first took over, they had a system called Buttons. I don't know if you ever heard of that. It's sort of an old version of eBays or something.  Okay. You know, For the dinosaur age. And well, they still had one available.  We could have updated for $970. And I said, well, that's ridiculous. So I took that database.  I was able to copy it into an Excel spreadsheet. From that, I built a works file. Works is no longer supported under Windows 11.  So I've got to go back to my old computer anytime I do anything with HSGR. But because I can come up with reports out of works, I can create a file, a database, but also, when I update, I can have one screen that has everything in it. So it looks like a form.  Yeah. You can't do that with any other product from my office. Yeah, word or anything else.  So they gatekeeper, they put at the top tier. But anyhow, I took the whole database, and at that time, they used to have, if they wanted to send out to people just to see if they wanted to join, they had, or for something, they had it coded, if you were an active member, a... And so I took that whole database, and now I've got coded, A, if they're an active member, if you're behind it, 60 days behind on their news, I remove the D and leave it blank, or the A, if I hear people pass away, I put a D in there for the dead, and I put the date, they die.  So I have a list, you know, a record of all of our members, pass members. But anyhow, I, Because with works, I can do a lot of stuff that I can't do with any other unless I went with, what's the database they have with office? Access, access.  I all want to learn access. I'm tired of learning. I was a programmer in 1960, but I didn't want to do any more work.  So, yeah, if you need helpful, you know, because I know. Okay. I do love, I've done a lot of inspiration.  Game 2-made. Can you come up with rewards like that out of my house? You can do that access. could also do it out a regular show. of Excel?  Well, the problem with Excel is then you got to enter it all the way across the dark spreadsheet. I like the idea I have one for... new members in or update, you can view the whole form. We can figure.  I've got access, I'll put it. But then I also printed out a list of those people who are current as of the last 30 days, 60 days. Turns out that's 22 members.  And I also count that total members of 30, but membership for 22. So a couple is one membership. And so that's on this list.  Okay, you can look at it. better. Listen, I've been a little reluctant to contact people in a checker because we hadn't been doing anything. And I did feel comfortable saying, gee, ought to join our chapter.  We don't do anything, but you ought to join. Yeah. I just did feel comfortable.  And they say, why? Well, I get a report from headquarters monthly. Comes out new members for the Joint Headquarters.  And you, you know, I would look, and if any of them were in the Denver area, I would contact them to see if they'd like to join our chapter. Well, I've not done that for the last few years because we weren't doing anything. And I put you members around them.  There may be, there may be members in the Denver. Well, we did have one person that replied, well, you know, like today's event, I put, it's free to put on event, right? And people...  Okay. So that's, you know, because people might be on there. How did you how did you come across?  I saw a face trip. Hmm. Because I followed that, you know, the Lincoln...  Okay. See, that's my problem. I don't measure on Facebook.  And once Brian created that, and I was able to blend through it on the Denver chapter, we put it on the international chapter, the one that's HSDR friends on there, I put it on two different Golga German groups and a couple of other places, so they got spread around on social media. One of the things I forgot to do, I was going to print out a copy of, or several copies of the form to fill out if you want to join. And I didn't bring them with me.  But if we have people here who would like to join, give me their name and email, and I can email them a copy of that form. Okay, and then you can. and I And you don't need a form to renew, you know. Just give me a check.  The form is also available. Check today, and then... Okay, the party?  I'm gonna give you a check today. Well, or do you want me to wait? I have to give it to you.  You could do that, but yeah, I could... Yeah, yeah. yeah. The form is also available on our group.  Facebook group. Downloadable and... I may be able to log down under the computer here and download some copies before we're through the day.  Okay. The reason why we've had the slump and planning of activities is always before when we were going down to the other church where they were charging us $400 for a room that was half this size. in there. So, you know, God, when COVID was over with, their weight could go in, we could plan our entire year.  And so we knew, at the start of the year, exactly what meetings we were going to have on what date. Once we were no longer going there, we don't have access to abilities. If we continue to use this location, I can do that.  But we've also been bought out, too, so... We're looking at all the different, or not thought out, but I'm not gonna be my problem. Very, very, very...  But anyway, the problem is that we couldn't do a year's thing. If you tried to do a library, they would only book two months in advance. with it. Other locations, we could not get a schedule for a full year.  So that's kind of where we got off center with being able to say, first meeting of the year was typically a business meeting, usually in March. I was somewhere in that vicinity. Our next meeting was this one, the my guest. would have a summer picnic.  We would do the harvest nest, which the German Russia did not do Oktoberfest, so that's when we call it the harvest nest. And then we would have a Christmas made it. There for a while, we were doing eight..  Wow. We have a helium machine bathroom. You don't have to...  Are you okay? They blow up a balloon. Anyway, um, we were also doing age history, culture, genealogy meetings a year, in addition to those meetings.  And we were going to a place over at the door and at the arts. You okay? Yeah, we're gonna do a little.  Just want to make sure you're okay after this. So that's what happened while we got off schedule. And so right now, we're regrouping, we're bringing it back, and we'll get back to where we can know that we've got places to go, when we can go and give that information out quickly.  So, I know this is fantastic. But just as a thought for, like, the business meeting and so on, what about doing that over Zoom? Well, I suggested zoom in the past.  I really wanted to do some meetings during COVID. Oh, yeah. And could not get interest in the chapter.  I don't think I'd look and assume, you know. So we didn't do it. But I'm really a big proponent of, so in here, by the way, if I use what we can do down here, too, but also that conference room, all we have to do is plug a computer, and we've got all of the electronics that we need to be able to do, so meetings.  And we can even do that when we have in person meetings for those that don't want to come, we can set it up as a zoom as well. Go into this asking too much, but do you have a Zoom license? We could kind of borrow?  I don't know what we do in here. I know that... we are... Well...  Google, meet also, like, as Google, yeah, that you can, um, work just like Zoom, and... Just a Zoom, they have a, we can set up a... Because Zoom is the one most people know.  Yeah. Our chapter is also a member of the Colorado Genealogical Society's umbrella. And so there's about 24 organizations underneath that.  We can operate underneath their own license. Okay. Hmm.  I never did like. That's one place where we'll meet a volunteer, that would like to do it, and all that is, is sitting in on a Zoom meeting, representing HSGR, listening to everybody else talk, and then give any information that we want to give. And it's one's a month that they meet.  So it would be, like, an hour of commitment once a month. Is that dead, Colorado? Hmm?  Did y'all know that? Got Colorado Genealogical Society's umbrella. They still just do gym meetings?  They're doing, it's not the, it's not... Make sure they've got the name right. It's not the genealogical society.  It is the umbrella for the source of Colorado genealogical site. It is the, I'll think of a name, of what it's called. But at any rate, they do zoom meetings.  Right. They also do some Zoom lunch things, and then some in person lunch meetings too, so... Once a month?  Just once a month. So it's just somebody that says fine, I'll represent agents here. I think we paid $30 a year, or something like that, to the longer battery.  Do window meetings tend to be? Oh, they're on Saturdays, I think. Okay.  Look at information out on that. Okay. Our goal is to grow our chapter, of course, and like any other organization, it's not HSDR, but it is every organization out there today is having difficulty in continuing being strong, attracting new members.  But all it is is, hey, Michael, with me, let's go get some food, and then they can find out what they're gonna need.. No, they're used to it, isn't it? nothing.  We are at that stage where we need officers, and having done doing this for nine years, I feel that an organization does not stay strong if it doesn't turn over and get new ideas, new enthusiasm. It's true on the international board, where I served for six years. Doris is still on the board.  I'm retiring. Well you're retiring. Okay, I'm at the end of it, whatever.  We got roped into it in 19 2017, I think. in Concord, California, because this organization started in Colorado. Colorado has always had a very strong influence and position within the international board, and there were several years where we did not have a member from the state of Colorado. on the international board. And so at the meeting, they were taking the nominations from four of the people that have been nominated, and then they were asking for volunteers, and everybody's looking around.  The Lords and I are sitting there and staring at us. If we do this, I'd be scared. Pretty soon.  I finally did this to her. And I said, If I'm doing this, you're doing this. And that's how we got on the international board.  And so I've served six years, and I think you've been eight now. Yeah, nicer 17 years. Oh, that was the present?  of the international. 2014, yeah. Wow. So it's very...  Oh, my God. Yes, the blue that holds everything together, and we couldn't have done it without earlier ship at that time. All right, everything right.  Uh, Dolores, do you want to tell us anything about the conjunction, and what we connect back, and well? Um, we got our registration for the Hayes Convention. It's gonna be in August, 14th, is it, 4th, 4th, 3rd through the 5th or something like that.  Yeah, whatever it is. And, um, I don't I don't really know that much about it. Extra.  Shirley and I are both gonna go, and the regular finish is gonna be there. Kevin Lou, Ray, and Dodie, Michael, what it is, is that every year there is an annual convention held in a different location. During that time, there's a welcome thing.  There's classes that you can attend, there's tours, local tours within the area. There's a Dutch shop dance. I don't know if I imagine they'll be doing that in this year.  But it's just a wonderful way to get together. The library is there. They take a lot of their research materials, so you can go there and you can research.  There's a silent auction if you want to bid on things. If I can find it, I have the plate, remember the plate from the original convention. Or from, like, 1976 or something, somewhere back in there that I would probably donate. to this island auction, but I don't know if I'm going to find it in my garage now, or if it's going to take three years.  You can have all the boxes. But, um, it's really a wonderful thing, and so many, how many of you have people that came in from Russia to Kansas? Like...  Like... Kansas is a hotbed of Germans much. I had some distant movies.  Well, you're not charging. What happened is when they decided to leave Russia in 1876, a group of Protestants, from by deck in Norc, sent over a scout team. Unbeknownst to them, some Catholics in the northern Bulga region had also sent over Scouting to look at where, in the United States, would be a good place to go to.  They ran into each other on the way back to Russia. on the same ship. and decided the Catholics ought to go through Kansas, the Protestants through Nebraska. And that's why you saw the Catholics come to Kansas. And both the Protestants coming through Nebraska, that was not the ones that came from the Black Sea region.  But that was the ones that came from the Bulgari region. And that's why so many Catholics came through Kansas, and a lot of them, a lot of them came to Kansas because the railroad was advertising in the vulgar region that they needed help. And so a lot of them went to Kansas.  My grandpa, one of them, who worked for the railroad there in Topeka. And the railroad, it was primarily cheap land. Was the other thing?  Now these scouts went through checking where to go. They would taste the soil. because they were foremost. They wanted to know that their farm crops could grow there.  You know, is the geographic areas identical or similar. LA side, you're gonna be a flat area, did the minerals in that soil. You know, one of those minerals there probably be able to grow the sugar beets or whatever it might have been.  So that was one of the determining things that they had. What did it taste like? Oh, it's the elephant.  If it's acidy, if it's acidy, taste, you know, it's got too much outlaw. They even want acid. acid. No.  You gotta have one. You say too, if you take Russia, the map, and the United States map, when you flip it upside down, and you look at the, the lines on the map. But basically where they came from is pretty much where they landed in, you know, States.  Oh, God. Because of climate, because of everything else that was equal to what they found in Russia. So if you end up at Hayes, there's a couple of places to see.  You mentioned Catholics, the Catholic Church in Victoria. Yeah, Oh yeah. You call it the Cathedral of the Plains.  Yeah, wow. And then when we go by haze, we always try to stop at Gella's. It's a German restaurant in Grill, Barn Grill.  And then there's another German place in Hayes, but we've never been to it. Well, there's a number of villages, towns around Hayes, and the people from different villages in Russia settled, and they called by the same names. But according to the owner Piper, who was a instructor, a professor at Hay State University, she was on the board of directors when I got on.  If people married from those two, that was a mixed marriage. Because they spoke different dialects. Not by the age, suitable woman in his village in Kansas, probably other places, would go to the surrounding one, you know, over there, get beat up.  Oh, the guys over there because they didn't want them coming in there and taking them. But there's 4 or 5 towns. Each one has a one of the tours they had, the last time we were at the convention in AIDS, was to look at visit those churches, because every one of them...  There's such a work in the ship. Is there? Yeah.  I think a couple of churches are no longer used on regular basis. What if, uh, any, you know, anybody that has gone, maybe for next meeting, if you write down, and then we could, like, put a list together for whoever's going this year, and we, you know, have, like, oh, these are the recommendations of places to see or what... They generally have village meetings there, as well, too.  So, if you're combined, or if you're from, uh, from her side, or whatever, they, they have those types of meetings that are going on there as well. A classmate from North Dakota married a guy, Dennis Frick, from a few miles south of Hayes, but they came, they went from Russia to Argentina. Yes, and then up to Kansas.  What a few, yeah. And their grandfather's 3rd cousin had migrated from the Bulgari region to Brazil. That's where they first went.  They didn't like Brazil because it was too wet. So he and three other men went to the Argentine government to see if they would allow them to live in Argentina the way they lived in Russia. In other words, live in town, but farm outside.  And they were given the Interios province of Argentina. And so they started inhabiting that part, as long as you're Catholic, because Argentina, at that time, was a Catholic country. Evidently, a few Lutheran villages from, well, by the time Argentina found out they were Catholic, they were very productive, and so they let them stay.  That's how they had a few Protestant buildings. Also an injury reals. Great.  Oh, yeah. Yeah. A few years ago, at the HS at the GRHS convention in Manda, in Bismarck, Manda, They talked about how, when they got to this country, the Vogue Germans started marrying the Black Sea Germans, and how upset the parents were, and sure enough, the next thing you know, Baptists were marrying Lutherans.  The Barquitz had a couple of presentations where they kind of bounced off. The vulgar things versus the Black Sea, you know, how they did things, and because one was Catholic, one was not. If you're wanting, if you're going, a good book to read before you go is...  Conquering the wind. which is talks about the German Russians, you know, what it was there, and then their migration over, and it goes through all the different villages in Kansas, and talks about traditions and histories, and it's a very easy read. It's one that's seen, you know, very good. My family went in and 1st up, although, in 1876.  And another one in 1888. about that time. So anyway, I recommend that you do that. The invention is from August, is August 5th the 7th.  Okay. And early midford pricing ends June 30th. So, if you were to go registering for the...  It have a taste of an early bird price? They will raise the price. you? It's...  It is not much. Um, and the, there's a lot of rooms that they have at the Hilton Garden Inn. that they'll give you a much cheaper rate than a normal. So, um, and they only do a certain block.  So if they're out of that loft, you get charge more. But every so often then they redo this law. I have registered at the, I've been on, and the one night, the 1st night, he said, well, if we don't have any more, then block.  So I got charged with the... But then I called in and back 2 weeks later and they had done it in a lot. so I got Wow, that's good. So ask him about that.  You know, if they don't have anything for that one night, you want to go? The last night or something. The last thing I saw was that they were, um, just about that block of dawn and that you could also register at the hotel across the street.  But that garden is where they're having it. So you don't have to. Yeah.  And the rooms here, I think, are 159. Isn't that right, yeah, yeah. And they charge for the convention is...  I think it's 160 percent. No. So, when was...  185? I thought I sucked. I've been 200.  Two hundred? I Really? really.  Also, Chi, you want to get your food? It includes the community banquet. Really?  As I say, does it include proven? Well, yeah. If they have a dirty, they've been doing that as a break on one day during break.  You also want to make sure if you're going to get your reservations in quickly, because even though they take reservations all the way up almost to the convention, they only have so many reservations for meals. that are there, and so you may register and still not be allowed to go to the general session meal or something like that. So you want to make sure that the early word is 205, but if you're a member of HPR, then, um, it, you saved pretty much all. And you could buy a single day ones, tour villages is 25.  Um, you get the banquet, which you buy it, thanks with chicken. So they they list it all on their own and other side. and on. Okay, the other, uh, anybody else want to bring anything up, and then I've got one more thing.  Are we going to do election? Well, that's what the thing I was gonna talk about. We technically have not had an election in yours.  We get after COVID, we have one, and so we need officers. And at this particular point, I would like to step down as president. I would like to, I'm willing, to stay on, as far as possible.  Brian has offered to become president. But we need nominations. We need, um...  I move nomination be seized, he three. Yeah, so, you're our volunteering, don't you? And so, basically, this is your job to be doing this.  So we make nominations from the floor. We need nominations. What we can do, you know, we've got some really good members who didn't come today.  We could nominate them. Yeah. James Cush.  Oh. So, I don't know, you're our proletarian. Can we take nominations from the floor if we do not have opposing...?  You just do, yeah. You just move that we seize nominations. Or president.  Well, yeah, we can nominate for the floor. Okay. But we can't nominate.  I mean, if you nominate somebody, they've got to agree to... Yeah. Send them a quick text.  That'll be replying. That means. Just so you know, too, the president is in charge of setting up these meetings, generally running the organization.  The vice president is there in case the president is not available to do something. You know, I just kind of support our treasure, just keeps track of bills and receipts and records and writes checks. And then, of course, takes care of the, um, And what did not have a secretary.  And so for officers, it is president, vice president, secretary and treasurer, are the 4 officers' offices that are available. So, we have 3 of those. Can we just say we're done?  Oh, the three. Oh, the... So, with me as treasurer, we've got three of these done right now.  So you're calling this nomination, so you need to cut your Italian? Yeah, let's, well, let's do nomination for president first. And I nominate Brian.  Second but... No other nominations, they declared nominations closed. And here, by acclimation, you're present.  I don't know if we have to have a qualum or what we have to do with that. Well, we changed the quorum at one time to those present. We did that at International and I thought we did the same with our Denver chapter, but I don't remember for sure.  Let's just say we did. Well, we've got as many people here as we're gonna get, I think, at most that we've had for a while, so. Okay, nomination for treasure.  Um, I nominate... Oh, Dave. Amy.  Okay, baby, we have to vote for a second. No, I just prepared it. You just have economizations first, and then...  Yeah, they're nomination for treasure. I second it. Okay, hearing nine.  Declare nominations closed, and by acclimation, Davis, so, like, the treasurer. Right? Yep.  Okay, and vice friends. No, we have nomination for secretary. Anybody willing to...  Secretary, it was nothing more than just, if you're at the meeting. He takes the notes, typing up to a man. It's about the only job that you have.  I'd be willing to do it, but I'm not really a member yet. Yeah, you are. It's easy.  Okay. I can do that. Okay.  Great. Would somebody like to make for a moment, I should believe? Pardon me.  I am not a memory. No. How many Judy could be Secretary?  Second. Yep. So, here he no other nominations, I declare nominations closed.  By acclimation, she's selected, sir. Okay. Okay.  There are a number of committees. The membership is a committee, not an American, not an hypothesis. Would you like to take over as membership chair?  Forty. You know, one of the things I thought about is that because I've got it on works, it's a mess. I can go in and generate any kind of report I wanted.  Like, just the way I sort it or do something. And I use that also to create a stretchy for when we make droppers, to keep track of expenses and stuff. But I can remain as a membership or the database to keep the database if you want to take over as membership.  Sure. But, well, I couldn't tell she gets a converted. Yeah, and I can help with the conversion, 'cause I've done a lot of, um, one of my jobs.  Previously, I've helped, yeah, do a lot of data conversions. stuff like that. So... I did want to learn something.  No, it's. But I can definitely help where anything, like, um... The vice chair.  Maybe the chair. Be a culture. Culture.  Be the chair of the membership committee. And I can, you know, I don't know, maybe you can come to our house and I can give you, you know, show you what I've got and get it together. Yeah, no.  Those of those that have been doing this will always be available to help. So it isn't like we're just saying, okay, we're not out of here. You know, so there's gonna be a tremendous basis to help.  One of the other, um, committees that we need help with is just, um, programs. Somebody that can say, Hey, I know somebody that can come in and entertain, or I know a speaker. Repentation, yeah.  You know, just those types of things. And so we need somebody that would be volunteer, maybe to, um, help once in a while doesn't have to be a normal kind of thing. Did you volunteer to be on the Zoom for that convention, or the, uh, society?  You were talking about earlier, sometimes they talk about people within the organization that give presentations. There is a Speaker's Bureau database on that. The only reason that we have not used it in the past, I've been aware of that for years, is because they want to charge.  Yeah, oh, yeah. And so, because our treasury, you know, we're trying to be, as Germans are, very frugal. and not spend money where we don't need to. But just spend $100, $15,200 for somebody to come and speed, you know, we just have not utilized, you know.  I could definitely, I think I could spread that committee, um... Can I be happy to be a member? No, Pat isn't here right now, Pat Frankenberry.  She's been our concerns, chairperson. And all that involves, I don't know if she wants to continue doing that or not, all that that involves is somebody that will send a reading card out. So they have to notify her...  Somebody knows who somebody's ill or somebody has passed away, or, um, you know, that type of thing, then she gets a nice little breeding card and sends out. And so that's what our concerns in it is. So, somebody willing to shop a dollar 3 for cards and they'll maybe 10 cards a year.  And if we can't feel it, we might wait till... Well, if I could... if she wanted to... If I'm sending out the newsletters, you know, that's, you know, we're gonna do it more often than having that...  I mean, it would work until we nominate, and as we clean up, like, the database and get it all together, then I could work with you on that. If you, since we already have that, we have the address, you know, the address is, and the membership, and we're gonna have to update it anyway. We can both have a stack of, like, cards. and whoever's, maybe whoever's taking the next trip to the post office, you know, versus it just being on one person, and then both of us can.  My God, is she still wants to do that? Yeah, looking for the membership. See, yeah.  She has a copy of this. Okay. Which has the even addresses for everybody, including email.  Yeah. So, whoever's doing that would have the information they need. All they would need is somebody to contact them. to contact her and let her know so and so is out of surgery or zeal, and what do we send a car?  And then that's what we've done in the past. Yeah, what... Usually people, like, will, uh, you know, types from maybe call you, or you, or you just hear from different, or not you, but, uh, her name is...  Yeah. Yeah. Um...  How does it, just whoever, maybe, is just known that she's the one to call, or is there... I think that was in the past, as we hear something. We passed it along to her.  Yeah, you know. Yeah. It's not a big formal thing.  It's just an occasional syndicrating card. Well, we have that now that one central email, so if, you know, that would make it, you know, if anybody, everybody knows, okay, you can either, you know, phone call text, always, but if you, you know, maybe see an obituary, or if you see not in that situation, but also like, oh, I heard this so-and-so was not feeling well, or this, you know, any, anyone that fits that, um, or even sometimes, even, uh, sometimes they'll do, like, a meal, train for maybe some of this, you know, game back from the hospital, and not maybe not able to cook for themselves. There's a lot of little things that we could, um...  And then, yeah, see who wants to, we'll come with ideas and we'll see who wants to. Well, that's where the work. Get sure it comes out.  Do we have a social media buru on here? You know, I've been trying to keep information there, but we can have somebody else become an administrator on our groups that can also post. And so basically, we have, our chapter has two things.  We have a page on there, and a page is technically a business. And so this is, I'm talking Facebook at the moment. Okay.  So a Facebook page is a business, and it is where a business is informing you of the services that that business has available to offer. But it is not generally a, let's sit around, have a cup of coffee and talk. So that's one part of it is our page.  The other part is our group, and our group is like this. It's just a bunch of social people who like to discuss things of common nature. So we have a group here today.  We have a group on Facebook. And so somebody that can go in as an administrator and kind of take care of that. I, I typically, on the Facebook groups, um, have it set up to where messages come in, and the administrator approves the messages before they post.  In some of the groups that I do, and I can't remember what we're doing with, with the adjust yard. And I did that. I've got one for Commerce City.  It's called Commerce City Historical Farmer City. reminiscing and teach photos group. And that one I want to keep exclusive to, even though it's public, and everybody can see it. I want to control those posts that are on there for people who belong to conversation and have a part of that.  So I approve every vote. But at any rate, if people look up, I take care of Facebook. But we could use Instagram, we could have people that, with these roads, are reels, or TikTok, or any of those other things that you've got other social media things that you're doing.  Just let me know when we'll get that set up for a look for him. No. Yeah.  We're now rocking everything into this rush. And as we have those sites set up, you know, we'll put it in the newsletters and the, uh, things that we print out, uh, ways that you guys can connect with the Facebook groups, or if we have a, you know, YouTube channel or, you know, any of the other avenues will, uh, keep your eyes out. We'll, we'll basically be sending, uh, more full newsletter email in order to, like, save on paper, and what we'll do is still sending out a paper news letter with the main information that you need for that issue, but it'll have a QR code where you guys can, you know, look it up online, download and print it, and then we'll always, I think, too, all of the whole one, I'll make some copies and have available at any of the meetings.  So if you're like, I want the full one as a copy, you can, you know, versus mailing those to everyone. You know, everyone on the mailer will get, you know, the abbreviated version or the updates. And if there's a preference, either way, that you don't want to receive communication, um...  No, not gonna be my question is, what methods of communication do you prefer? And you want multiple. So it's phone call, which was the other thing that we needed a committee for, by the way.  We've had people in the past that would make a phone call and just say, By the way, we're having a meeting on such and such. Nobody answers their phone, so it's just, you know, takes you 10 minutes to call five or six people and leave a message. So that's another volunteer thing that we need in the chapter.  But it can be by phone, it can be by email, it can be by social media, it can be by the internet, website, all of that. We tried the sign up genius, which I sent things out several times, and that was primarily when we did the Christmas meeting at the Suns of Italy Building. That's what we've done for Christmas for the last 3 years, I think.  We go to the Sons of Italy Building on a Sunday afternoon, live dancing, potluck, dinner. It's very nice. And it's really... join a group called Book Club, hey?  Yeah, it's the poker club in Colorado. Is that the place in Mitrage? Mm hmm.  Yes. Yeah, 30 seconds, and... Yeah, we've been there.  And they have bounces every Sunday, almost every Sunday. So that's what we've done for Christmas in the past. We don't have to continue doing that, or it could be anytime during the year.  There's constant contact. There's all these different things, so maybe get in touch with Brian, if you've got preferences or express them now. preferences would be part of the day or what? You could put, we could put in what, what method and content they want.  Well, we have that now on the form, but I don't know that it's gone beyond it. I mean, we didn't try to drag him into the 21st tree. We have to order email.  Or mail. We didn't add the social, you know, and we just find our cell phone. Yeah, we could always change that on that form.  We just want to make sure that we have good communication within our group. Yeah. And then that communication gets out through mail, through websites, through email.  And that's the best way you can, you know, help, you know, even, you know, we have the committees, but even if you say, oh, I can't join a committee today, you know, well, you know, join our face group, Facebook group, um, you know, and you're sharing an email, you can forward the email to somebody, you know, that you get, and might be an article, It might be an event. You know, I think they say that people, they usually, um, will touch something, like, seven times or be, you know, hear something seven times before, you know, they maybe go. So the more members that we have, you know, I share a Facebook post or, you know, afforded this email to somebody.  Um, or, you know, we're gonna have some printed material here at the meetings. Oh, let me take one of these flyers, I know so and so, you know, would like to read it. It helps, you know, gather the interest and helps those things is organic reach, too.  We're not paying, you know, because you can throw money on Facebook, you know, but we, you know... You know, word of mouth is the best. We don't necessarily need to make decisions today, but it's just, you know, if you've got suggestions... on how better to handle that.  Well, I'm curious, though, of the group here, I'm wondering how many people like, prefer their communication method. And I'm email, email, email, email, email, or, dick. Email, email.  What about... Had some people heard from Facebook, right? You know, we're not a Facebook.  We saw that. We've never, never gotten an location. We are, but we don't...  No, no, no. Well, Barb set up something once we our chat, our village. Well, gee, we never did any with it.  It's like involved. So like Facebook used to be what Instagram is today. So it would be just people like, you know, updates, posting about, you know, themselves.  But it was more like, you know, just to follow someone's story, which was fine. But now, like, the Facebook, um, and also Reddit's a place, too, that if you're into, like, community groups, or looking, if you like, like, Facebook, you know, groups, Red, it's also another place that has, you know, people are doing genealogy, or, and, you know, into history, you can join a number of groups on Reddit's, another one. But, uh, if you're not on some of the groups, you know, like, you know, just checking them out, 'cause sometimes, you know, there's a lot of whether they're showing articles or a story.  But I mean, the people that are on Facebook, what are some of the things that you guys enjoy interacting or...? I read about, like, now, maybe, you know, about 20 years ago, I reconnected with a bunch of my high school students on Facebook. And then we started, you know, communicating.  We got back together for 40 years. Oh wow. Yeah.  Another question, unless, I mean, we still do, but we can... Um, newsletter, how do you prefer to receive that? Do you want it by email?  Do you want a link to somewhere? Do you want to print it and send to you? The only reason for printing it is for those people who want to stay active within the chapter, with information or whatever, who are older, confirm.  I don't want to get on the computer. They don't want to get on the computer. They don't want to have to drive, or they can't drive, but they still want that information.  Yeah. You know, and I don't know that I still struggle with QR codes for some reason. Sometimes they don't work on that if you've members, even though they state members, don't send any, but, you know, any newsletter to me.  I can't read them. Their eyesight was getting so bad. So they said, you know, I learn to remember, but I don't learn.  And I had a tough time figuring out, how do I not send? Well, I think maybe even, like, if on the sign in sheet on the meetings, I can add a column, like, preferred, you know, and it can be either, like, a remove or ad, like, Oh, I no longer, you know, want print, or, you know, maybe... And so it gives a person an option to sometimes, I mean, yeah, he might be out of town.  I'm gonna be traveling the next year, let me take myself off the print, but you're still on email, so it's something that somebody's able to kind of come and go off of. And then I'll make sure, you know, like, on the, uh, we'll have QR codes, we'll make sure below the QR codes to put, like, the website also, where you can, you know, type it in or click on it if you're on the computer. Oh, did you?  You did the print one? Did you mail? I did mail them.  I have not received that. Okay. They, I think I ended up going out because I had to get these tabs.  So I ended up going out Tuesdays, so it was like, like, probably Friday, Saturdays, went out later than I wanted it to, but they did go out. Okay, I just didn't know if anybody else had gotten it. Yeah, anybody got the mailer?  We did. I responded. Uh, but the print one?  Well, it would be something definitely to look out for in your emails. It's similar to, um, the email that you receive, but also has those QR code, or if you have somebody that you know, you have, oh, have the email version, let me, that one piece, maybe you could give it to somebody. Oh, this is something that gives them all that information, all sides of dates of the...  Would it have a name? It would have came from, I has a our chapter name on the... Okay, okay, T, T, T, S U, EMC, or something?  And Brian has started an email address. Yeah, you know, which is HS, GR Denver, at gmail.com. Yeah, that's great.  So that's going to be a way to... Because I get so many messages. I just delete it, rather than say tons of cry because you unsubscribe.  They know you're there and all of a sudden you get about 10 more. Yeah. And I apologize not getting back sooner on that email.  I saw your email. I was I was getting everything right, because we had just just transferring everything over to like the new email. So, you know, answering people, we want to make sure that, you know, like, Okay, do we have any other business to discuss?  Then we can consider the meeting closed. You'll continue visiting, talking, whatever. Well, if we can talk about me again, then we might be, uh, next meeting.  You want to take over from this point now, so the next meeting would be our picnic. So for the remainder of the year, it would be the picnic, Harvest Fest, and Christmas. Okay, you know.  What are you guys, uh, as far as, um, I guess, weeks of the month. Well, we have the conference in August, so, I guess, what weekend in July would work? July is what we traditionally done.  So the summer picnic. So we would need a date on the location, and it can be in the world or outdoor, if you want an indoor, you're welcome to use this. Do you want the picnic in July, or do you want it just after the convention, so somebody can kind of cover what was covering the convention?  I like that idea, too. And you could get a review for the recipe when it didn't go, some of the highlights of the convention... Yeah.  Some of the presentations that were... So maybe the following week after the convention, or do you want to give it a week? You give it a...  The other option is to skip the, quote, pet there and just combine it into our harvest fest and pull that in September, which Oktoberfests are generally held in September anyway. Yeah, and so just square the summer at the big in July and then do that in September. I think July would be good because it's, you know, this is May and then it gives us a month skip, I think.  As we're getting wanting to get momentum, I think that would be good, and then we'll have the... And I think the board meetings you can have. I think it'll start because when we quit having meetings, that's when we started membership.  Yeah. And this place, you know, like you said, is available now. Also, I've been, uh, as I've been at the colleges, you know, they have these community rooms, um, and then also, there's, um, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna look around.  I think there's gonna, places that are, you know, handicapped, accessible, easy to navigate to. That's something definitely that as we're looking for. But if you guys have suggestions, um, anything that you send to that email, uh, that Gmail will, uh, get to the right person.  Um, so if you have a suggestion on the picnic or location or, uh, any suggestions, we're definitely open to suggestions or don't hesitate to speak up. One of the things that we found early on is if we had meetings on the south part, people lived in the northern part of the area, didn't attend. In the other way, the people from the south did it.  And I don't know how you ever get it worse sort of centralized. And I think there are more people kind of up north. Yeah.  Yeah. This is not my address. Oh.  But it is, that she... Okay, firm, just got all the information. Okay.  Okay. I live down south, but... you. That should be.  Okay, we'll reach out. Okay. Okay.  Well, I think we're headed in a good direction. Well, and I think, yeah, you're right. If we want to reach the younger people, we need to start using the tools that they use.  I don't use a lot of them. Especially in the established. So I think not doing that, you're not reaching a lot of the younger.  Younger by being younger than me. Yeah. Because I don't know where they, you know, it's like if they don't know where to go if they don't know.  They don't know what they don't know. Yeah, well, and we can now tell everybody our brother is 45 years old, and invite our children and grandchildren. who are... If they lived in Denver, I really loved them. 